README.md, before:

# Cazul

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.7.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Some improvements
- Topbar were added;
- Icons and images were added;
- Bourbon and Neat were added, but weren’t used yet;
- “wheather” typos in weatherComponent were fixed;
- unit tests were initialised in appComponent and weatherComponent
- in weatherComponent the onCheckDataHandler must be changed from
private to public method to might be tested;
- loadingSpin now is loadingHidden;
- some css’s styles were added;
- some improvements were made in weatherComponent.ts about DRY
- README.md were changed with further instructions to run the project
using AOT;
- loader module were added to project

README.md, after:

# Weather APP

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.7.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

Run `ng build --prod -aot` to build the project using the `Ahead of Time` compilation instea `Just in Time` transpilation for a better performance and loading. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. In this case, access the application on url `http://localhost:4200/dist`.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).


### Todo
- finish the styles using bourbon and neat framework
- create unit tests
- develop the html/css mobile version
